resources/aws-rds/README.md, before:

# Klyra AWS RDS

This plugin provisions databases on AWS RDS using [klyra](https://www.klyra.rs). The following three engines are supported:

- Postgres
- MySql
- MariaDB

## Usage

Add `klyra-aws-rds` to the dependencies for your service. Every engine is behind the following feature flags and attribute paths:

| Engine   | Feature flag | Attribute path            |
|----------|--------------|---------------------------|
| Postgres | postgres     | klyra_aws_rds::Postgres |
| MySql    | mysql        | klyra_aws_rds::MySql    |
| MariaDB  | mariadb      | klyra_aws_rds::MariaDB  |

An example using the Tide framework can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra-examples/tree/main/tide/postgres)

### Options

Each engine can take in the following options:

| Option    | Type | Description                                                                                                  |
|-----------|------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| local_uri | &str | Don't spin up a local docker instance of the DB, but rather connect to this URI instead for `cargo klyra run` |

Commit message:

ci: refactor and improve speed and caching. add rustls flags to aws-rds (#1167)
* consistency

* ci: experiment new layout

* cargo update

* ci fix

* cargo update

* aws-rds macro use full paths

* remove comments

* clarify flags

resources/aws-rds/README.md, after:

# Klyra AWS RDS

This plugin provisions databases on AWS RDS using [klyra](https://www.klyra.rs). The following three engines are supported:

- Postgres
- MySql
- MariaDB

## Usage

Add `klyra-aws-rds` to the dependencies for your service.
Every engine is behind the following feature flags and attribute paths.
The default is to use native TLS.
You can also add `-rustls` after the feature flag, for example `postgres-rustls`.

| Engine   | Feature flag | Attribute path            |
|----------|--------------|---------------------------|
| Postgres | postgres     | klyra_aws_rds::Postgres |
| MySql    | mysql        | klyra_aws_rds::MySql    |
| MariaDB  | mariadb      | klyra_aws_rds::MariaDB  |

An example using the Tide framework can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra-examples/tree/main/tide/postgres)

### Options

Each engine can take in the following options:

| Option    | Type | Description                                                                                                  |
|-----------|------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| local_uri | &str | Don't spin up a local docker instance of the DB, but rather connect to this URI instead for `cargo klyra run` |
