README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<p align="center">
<img width="300" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/klyra-hq/klyra/master/assets/logo-rectangle-transparent.png"/>
</p>
<br>
<p align=center>
  <a href="https://docs.rs/klyra-runtime">
    <img alt="docs" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-reference-orange">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/search?l=rust">
    <img alt="language" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Rust-orange.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://circleci.com/gh/klyra-hq/klyra/">
    <img alt="build status" src="https://circleci.com/gh/klyra-hq/klyra.svg?style=shield"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/klyra">
    <img alt="discord" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/803236282088161321?logo=discord"/>
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://console.algora.io/org/klyra/bounties?status=open">
    <img alt="open bounties" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fconsole.algora.io%2Fapi%2Fshields%2Fklyra%2Fbounties%3Fstatus%3Dopen"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://console.algora.io/org/klyra/bounties?status=completed">
    <img alt="rewarded bounties" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fconsole.algora.io%2Fapi%2Fshields%2Fklyra%2Fbounties%3Fstatus%3Dcompleted"/>
  </a>
</p>
<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

---

# Klyra

[Klyra](https://www.klyra.rs/) is a Rust-native cloud development platform that lets you deploy your Rust apps for free.

Klyra is built for productivity, reliability and performance:

- Zero-Configuration support for Rust using annotations
- Automatic resource provisioning (databases, caches, subdomains, etc.) via [Infrastructure-From-Code](https://www.klyra.rs/blog/2022/05/09/ifc)
- First-class support for popular Rust frameworks ([Actix](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/actix), [Rocket](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/rocket), [Axum](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/axum),
  [Tide](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/tide), [Poem](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/poem) and [Tower](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/tower))
- Support for deploying Discord bots using [Serenity](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/serenity)
- Scalable hosting (with optional self-hosting)

📖 Check out our documentation to get started quickly: [docs.klyra.rs](https://docs.klyra.rs)

🙋‍♂️ If you have any questions, join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/klyra) server.

⭐ If you find Klyra interesting, and would like to stay up-to-date, consider starring this repo to help spread the word.

![star](https://i.imgur.com/kLWmThm.gif)

## Console Sneak Peek (gif)

![console-sneak-peek](https://i.imgur.com/1qdWipP.gif)
*The gif above demonstrates the ease of adding/managing resources to your project(s) in our upcoming console. Bear in mind that the ease of adding resources is already there, albeit without the visualization coming from the console.*

## Getting Started

The `cargo-klyra` CLI can be installed with a pre-built binary or from source with cargo.

Klyra provides pre-built binaries of the `cargo-klyra` CLI with every release
for most platforms, they can be found on [our GitHub](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/releases/latest).

Our binaries can also be installed using [cargo-binstall](https://github.com/cargo-bins/cargo-binstall),
which will automatically install the correct target for your system.
To install with `cargo-binstall`, run:

```sh
cargo binstall cargo-klyra
```

Although a bit slower, you can also install directly with cargo:

```sh
cargo install cargo-klyra
```

After installing, log in with:

```sh
cargo klyra login
```

To initialize your project, simply write:

```bash
cargo klyra init --axum hello-world
```

> Note: if you use [sparse registries](https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2023/01/30/cargo-sparse-protocol.html) (which is enabled by default on `nightly`), you may encounter [this bug](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues/821) when running the `init` command. To resolve this, see [this comment](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues/821#issuecomment-1525317860).

And to deploy it, write:

```bash
cd hello-world
cargo klyra project start  # Only needed if project has not already been created during init
cargo klyra deploy
```

And that's... it.

```bash
$ cargo klyra deploy
   Finished release [optimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 1m 01s

        Project:            hello-world
        Deployment Id:      3d08ac34-ad63-41c1-836b-99afdc90af9f
        Deployment Status:  DEPLOYED
        Host:               hello-world.klyraapp.rs
        Created At:         2022-04-01 08:32:34.412602556 UTC
```

Feel free to build on-top of the generated `hello-world` boilerplate or take a stab at one of our [examples](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/axum).

For the full documentation, visit [our docs](https://docs.klyra.rs).

## Contributing to Klyra

Contributing to Klyra is highly encouraged!

If you want to setup a local environment to test code changes to core `Klyra` packages, or want to contribute to the project check out [our docs](https://docs.klyra.rs/community/contribute).

Even if you are not planning to submit any code; joining our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/klyra) and providing feedback helps us a lot!

## Roadmap

For a comprehensive view of the Klyra roadmap check out this [project board](https://github.com/orgs/klyra-hq/projects/4).

If you have any requests or suggestions feel free to open an issue.

## Community & Support

- [Community Forum](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/discussions). Best for: help with building, discussion about best practices.
- [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues). Best for: bugs and errors you encounter using Klyra.
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/klyra). Best for: sharing your applications and hanging out with the community.
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/klyra_dev). Best for: keeping up with announcements and releases.

## Status

- [x] Alpha: We are testing Klyra, API and deployments may be unstable
- [x] Public Alpha: Anyone can sign up, but go easy on us,
  there are a few kinks
- [ ] Public Beta: Stable enough for most non-enterprise use-cases
- [ ] Public: Production-ready!

We are currently in Public Alpha. Watch "releases" of this repo to get
notified of major updates!

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://kaleidawave.github.io/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/26967284?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Ben</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-kaleidawave" title="Blogposts">📝</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Akaleidawave" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=kaleidawave" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=kaleidawave" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/SonicZentropy"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12196028?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Casey Bailey</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3ASonicZentropy" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=SonicZentropy" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/christoshadjiaslanis"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/14791384?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Christos Hadjiaslanis</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-christoshadjiaslanis" title="Blogposts">📝</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=christoshadjiaslanis" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Achristoshadjiaslanis" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=christoshadjiaslanis" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="#video-christoshadjiaslanis" title="Videos">📹</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Achristoshadjiaslanis" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/brokad"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/13315034?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Damien</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Abrokad" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=brokad" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=brokad" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-brokad" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Abrokad" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=brokad" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://alsuren.github.io/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/254647?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>David Laban</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Aalsuren" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=alsuren" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=alsuren" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/ivancernja"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/14149737?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Ivan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-ivancernja" title="Blogposts">📝</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Aivancernja" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=ivancernja" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=ivancernja" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/lilianmoraru"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/621738?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Lilian Anatolie Moraru</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-lilianmoraru" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/coszio"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/62079184?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Luis Cossío</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=coszio" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=coszio" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/marioidival"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1129263?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Mario Idival</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=marioidival" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=marioidival" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Butch78"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/19205392?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Matthew Aylward </b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=Butch78" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=Butch78" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/bmoxb"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42641081?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Max</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Abmoxb" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=bmoxb" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#example-bmoxb" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Abmoxb" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=bmoxb" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/nahuakang"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/18533347?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Nahua</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Anahuakang" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=nahuakang" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=nahuakang" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/nodard"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12720758?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Nodar Daneliya</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#business-nodard" title="Business development">💼</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-nodard" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/oddgrd"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29732646?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Oddbjørn Grødem</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=oddgrd" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=oddgrd" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/chesedo"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/5367103?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Pieter</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Achesedo" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=chesedo" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#example-chesedo" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#mentoring-chesedo" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Achesedo" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=chesedo" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=chesedo" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/thecotne"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1606993?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Tsotne Nazarashvili</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-thecotne" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Xavientois"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/34867186?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Xavientois</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3AXavientois" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=Xavientois" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=Xavientois" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://thesnugco.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/19667780?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>jmwill86</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Ajmwill86" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=jmwill86" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=jmwill86" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=jmwill86" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

fix: dockerfile and ci improvements (#989)
* cleanup in dockerfiles and ci

* minor builder fixes

* add sccache to deployer + cleanup

* fmt

* docs: install with --locked

* Add comments, move arg statements

* Leave out the sccache

* clarify

* Run prepare script before loading src cache

* Delay src-dependent preparation to after cache

* explicit docker.io, move curl installation

---------

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<p align="center">
<img width="300" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/klyra-hq/klyra/master/assets/logo-rectangle-transparent.png"/>
</p>
<br>
<p align=center>
  <a href="https://docs.rs/klyra-runtime">
    <img alt="docs" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-reference-orange">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/search?l=rust">
    <img alt="language" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Rust-orange.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://circleci.com/gh/klyra-hq/klyra/">
    <img alt="build status" src="https://circleci.com/gh/klyra-hq/klyra.svg?style=shield"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/klyra">
    <img alt="discord" src="https://img.shields.io/discord/803236282088161321?logo=discord"/>
  </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://console.algora.io/org/klyra/bounties?status=open">
    <img alt="open bounties" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fconsole.algora.io%2Fapi%2Fshields%2Fklyra%2Fbounties%3Fstatus%3Dopen"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://console.algora.io/org/klyra/bounties?status=completed">
    <img alt="rewarded bounties" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fconsole.algora.io%2Fapi%2Fshields%2Fklyra%2Fbounties%3Fstatus%3Dcompleted"/>
  </a>
</p>
<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

---

# Klyra

[Klyra](https://www.klyra.rs/) is a Rust-native cloud development platform that lets you deploy your Rust apps for free.

Klyra is built for productivity, reliability and performance:

- Zero-Configuration support for Rust using annotations
- Automatic resource provisioning (databases, caches, subdomains, etc.) via [Infrastructure-From-Code](https://www.klyra.rs/blog/2022/05/09/ifc)
- First-class support for popular Rust frameworks ([Actix](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/actix), [Rocket](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/rocket), [Axum](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/axum),
  [Tide](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/tide), [Poem](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/poem) and [Tower](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/tower))
- Support for deploying Discord bots using [Serenity](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/serenity)
- Scalable hosting (with optional self-hosting)

📖 Check out our documentation to get started quickly: [docs.klyra.rs](https://docs.klyra.rs)

🙋‍♂️ If you have any questions, join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/klyra) server.

⭐ If you find Klyra interesting, and would like to stay up-to-date, consider starring this repo to help spread the word.

![star](https://i.imgur.com/kLWmThm.gif)

## Console Sneak Peek (gif)

![console-sneak-peek](https://i.imgur.com/1qdWipP.gif)
*The gif above demonstrates the ease of adding/managing resources to your project(s) in our upcoming console. Bear in mind that the ease of adding resources is already there, albeit without the visualization coming from the console.*

## Getting Started

The `cargo-klyra` CLI can be installed with a pre-built binary or from source with cargo.

Klyra provides pre-built binaries of the `cargo-klyra` CLI with every release
for most platforms, they can be found on [our GitHub](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/releases/latest).

Our binaries can also be installed using [cargo-binstall](https://github.com/cargo-bins/cargo-binstall),
which will automatically install the correct target for your system.
To install with `cargo-binstall`, run:

```sh
cargo install binstall
cargo binstall cargo-klyra
```

Although a bit slower, you can also install directly with cargo:

```sh
cargo install cargo-klyra
```

*If installing binstall or cargo-klyra fails, try adding `--locked` to the install command.*

After installing, log in with:

```sh
cargo klyra login
```

To initialize your project, simply write:

```bash
cargo klyra init --axum hello-world
```

> Note: if you use [sparse registries](https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2023/01/30/cargo-sparse-protocol.html) (which is enabled by default on `nightly`), you may encounter [this bug](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues/821) when running the `init` command. To resolve this, see [this comment](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues/821#issuecomment-1525317860).

And to deploy it, write:

```bash
cd hello-world
cargo klyra project start  # Only needed if project has not already been created during init
cargo klyra deploy
```

And that's... it.

```bash
$ cargo klyra deploy
   Finished release [optimized + debuginfo] target(s) in 1m 01s

        Project:            hello-world
        Deployment Id:      3d08ac34-ad63-41c1-836b-99afdc90af9f
        Deployment Status:  DEPLOYED
        Host:               hello-world.klyraapp.rs
        Created At:         2022-04-01 08:32:34.412602556 UTC
```

Feel free to build on-top of the generated `hello-world` boilerplate or take a stab at one of our [examples](https://docs.klyra.rs/examples/axum).

For the full documentation, visit [our docs](https://docs.klyra.rs).

## Contributing to Klyra

Contributing to Klyra is highly encouraged!

If you want to setup a local environment to test code changes to core `Klyra` packages, or want to contribute to the project check out [our docs](https://docs.klyra.rs/community/contribute).

Even if you are not planning to submit any code; joining our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/klyra) and providing feedback helps us a lot!

## Roadmap

For a comprehensive view of the Klyra roadmap check out this [project board](https://github.com/orgs/klyra-hq/projects/4).

If you have any requests or suggestions feel free to open an issue.

## Community & Support

- [Community Forum](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/discussions). Best for: help with building, discussion about best practices.
- [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues). Best for: bugs and errors you encounter using Klyra.
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/klyra). Best for: sharing your applications and hanging out with the community.
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/klyra_dev). Best for: keeping up with announcements and releases.

## Status

- [x] Alpha: We are testing Klyra, API and deployments may be unstable
- [x] Public Alpha: Anyone can sign up, but go easy on us,
  there are a few kinks
- [ ] Public Beta: Stable enough for most non-enterprise use-cases
- [ ] Public: Production-ready!

We are currently in Public Alpha. Watch "releases" of this repo to get
notified of major updates!

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://kaleidawave.github.io/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/26967284?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Ben</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-kaleidawave" title="Blogposts">📝</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Akaleidawave" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=kaleidawave" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=kaleidawave" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/SonicZentropy"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12196028?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Casey Bailey</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3ASonicZentropy" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=SonicZentropy" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/christoshadjiaslanis"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/14791384?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Christos Hadjiaslanis</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-christoshadjiaslanis" title="Blogposts">📝</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=christoshadjiaslanis" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Achristoshadjiaslanis" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=christoshadjiaslanis" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="#video-christoshadjiaslanis" title="Videos">📹</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Achristoshadjiaslanis" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/brokad"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/13315034?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Damien</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Abrokad" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=brokad" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=brokad" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-brokad" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Abrokad" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=brokad" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://alsuren.github.io/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/254647?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>David Laban</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Aalsuren" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=alsuren" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=alsuren" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/ivancernja"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/14149737?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Ivan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#blog-ivancernja" title="Blogposts">📝</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Aivancernja" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=ivancernja" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=ivancernja" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/lilianmoraru"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/621738?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Lilian Anatolie Moraru</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-lilianmoraru" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/coszio"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/62079184?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Luis Cossío</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=coszio" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=coszio" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/marioidival"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1129263?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Mario Idival</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=marioidival" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=marioidival" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Butch78"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/19205392?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Matthew Aylward </b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=Butch78" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=Butch78" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/bmoxb"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42641081?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Max</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Abmoxb" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=bmoxb" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#example-bmoxb" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Abmoxb" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=bmoxb" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/nahuakang"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/18533347?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Nahua</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Anahuakang" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=nahuakang" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=nahuakang" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/nodard"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12720758?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Nodar Daneliya</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#business-nodard" title="Business development">💼</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-nodard" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/oddgrd"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/29732646?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Oddbjørn Grødem</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=oddgrd" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=oddgrd" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/chesedo"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/5367103?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Pieter</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Achesedo" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=chesedo" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#example-chesedo" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#mentoring-chesedo" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Achesedo" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=chesedo" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=chesedo" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/thecotne"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1606993?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Tsotne Nazarashvili</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#content-thecotne" title="Content">🖋</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Xavientois"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/34867186?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Xavientois</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3AXavientois" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=Xavientois" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=Xavientois" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://thesnugco.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/19667780?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>jmwill86</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/issues?q=author%3Ajmwill86" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=jmwill86" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=jmwill86" title="Tests">⚠️</a> <a href="https://github.com/klyra-hq/klyra/commits?author=jmwill86" title="Code">💻</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
